feat(*): ssr-friendlify components (#2222)
Kong/kongponents: docs/guide/usage.md

app.mount('#app')
```

### Using in Nuxt

> All components are fully SSR-compatible so there is no extra configuration needed for using Kongponents in Nuxt.

Reviewer: we'll need to modify this a bit; there are some components that are definitely not compatible 
```suggestion
The majority of components are SSR-compatible so there is no extra configuration needed for using Kongponents in Nuxt or a server-side rendered project.
```

```ts
// plugins/kongponents.ts

> /**
>  * Import and configure the Kongponents component library Vue plugin
>  */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Import the Kongponents Vue plugin
```

import { createApp } from 'vue'
import { KButton } from '@kong/kongponents'
// Kongponents rely on vue-bind-once directive to work properly

> // Kongponents bundle it into the build so you won't have to install it
> // but you do need to register it
> import { BindOncePlugin } from 'vue-bind-once'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The Kongponents bundle includes the vue-bind-once package so you won't need to install it separately, but it does need to be registered
import { BindOncePlugin } from 'vue-bind-once'
```

// Register an individual Kongponent
app.component('KButton', KButton)

> app.use(BindOncePlugin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Register the vue-bind-once directive as a Vue Plugin
app.use(BindOncePlugin)
```
